docs: adjust testing strategy to github actions and add new workflows (#3525)
kyma-project/busola: docs/contributor/testing-strategy.md

Each pull request (PR) to the repository triggers CI/CD jobs that verify the Busola configuration, build and run integration tests.

> - `Busola Web Build / build-web-image / Build image` - Checking the ESLint code quality, and building the web Docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Busola Web Build / build-web-image / Build image` - Checks the ESLint code quality and builds the web Docker image.
```

> - `Busola Build / build-busola-image / Build image` - Checking the ESLint code quality and building the web and backend Docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Busola Build / build-busola-image / Build image` - Checks the ESLint code quality and builds the web and backend Docker image.
```
